README.md, before:

# Lolex Tools CopyLeft (c<-)2014-2018 LolexUK
# This is : Lolex-Tools VERSION 10 pre-nightly (dual project version)
# NOTE that there are a few issues with Python 3.7 on Linux which we are working to solve
# DO NOT USE THIS VERSION YET!!! THIS STILL USES THE 9.X FORMAT WHICH WILL NOT BE SUPPORTED (in the old version of the project)
# This is a pre-alpha build. Do not use for production purposes
# Highly unstable at the minute
## People
Monkeyboy2805 / 19taylorje / Monkeyboy44: Owner, founder of Lolexorg and Lolex-Tools<br><br>
AvatarAing3 : Joined LolexOrg 20.12.16, website designer (promoted on 1.1.17), part of the Lolex-Tools-write-access team (he's done more than it looks like he has!)<br><br>
## Python 3.0 or higher is required for this project!!! 
Note that for Linux, you will currently have to compile python by yourselves
# Due to permission errors on Android 6+, either root will be needed or Write permissions enabled for your terminal app.
# Visit our website for more information and news
# Please go to:
[Our official website @ http://lolexorg.wixsite.com/lolex-tools](http://lolexorg.wixsite.com/lolex-tools)

Please be aware that any features that require certain OSs will be hidden if your device does not meet the requirements. Most features are available on Windows, some are limited on Linux, particularly Android
# Lolex-Tools is licensed under Unlicense
## License: Unlicense

Commit message:

Add notice for discord group

README.md, after:

# Lolex Tools CopyLeft (c<-)2014-2018 LolexUK
# This is : Lolex-Tools VERSION 10 pre-nightly (dual project version)
# NOTE that there are a few issues with Python 3.7 on Linux which we are working to solve
# DO NOT USE THIS VERSION YET!!! THIS STILL USES THE 9.X FORMAT WHICH WILL NOT BE SUPPORTED (in the old version of the project)
# This is a pre-alpha build. Do not use for production purposes
# Highly unstable at the minute
## People
Monkeyboy2805 / 19taylorje / Monkeyboy44: Owner, founder of Lolexorg and Lolex-Tools<br><br>
AvatarAing3 : Joined LolexOrg 20.12.16, website designer (promoted on 1.1.17), part of the Lolex-Tools-write-access team (he's done more than it looks like he has!)<br><br>
## Python 3.0 or higher is required for this project!!! 
Note that for Linux, you will currently have to compile python by yourselves
# Due to permission errors on Android 6+, either root will be needed or Write permissions enabled for your terminal app.
# Visit our website for more information and news
# Want to talk to us?:
[Our Discord server](https://discord.gg/eGkFAcz)
# Please go to:
[Our official website @ http://lolexorg.wixsite.com/lolex-tools](http://lolexorg.wixsite.com/lolex-tools)

Please be aware that any features that require certain OSs will be hidden if your device does not meet the requirements. Most features are available on Windows, some are limited on Linux, particularly Android
# Lolex-Tools is licensed under Unlicense
## License: Unlicense
